"In 2022, mankind finally"
"built a full virtual environment"
All right, we're under way!
It's time for this week's MMO Stream.
First, we had you watch
a promotional video...
Are we looking at the day
of last week's launch?
"End of Line"
Are we looking at the day of last week's launch?
What could all these people waiting in line be after?
Sword Art Online!
The one at the front of the line waited
for three days prior to launch.
Amazing!
Or is this just what any real gamer would do?
"Sword Art Online
Development Director Akihiko Kayaba"
Or is this just what any real gamer would do?
On today's MMO Stream,
we'll be covering
the internationally famous
Sword Art Online, AKA SAO!
To be honest, none of the NerveGear
software released so far
has really taken advantage
of the hardware.
Big brother...
--Yeah, they were crappy games, huh?
--I'm off to practice.
--But SAO was made
by the NerveGear inventor, Akihiko Kayaba,
and it's a long-awaited
VR MMORPG. I can't wait!
The beta testers all
said it was incredible.
I wish I could've
gotten a copy too...
Only 10,000 copies were
sold in its first printing.
It sold out online in seconds.
And as you saw, hard-core fans
bought all the store copies.
Link start!
"Character Registration
Use beta-test data?"
I've come back!
To this world!
"The World of Swords"
"Floor 1: Town of Beginnings"
So like I told him...
Hey, let's team up as a party.
Hmm, what should I do?
Oh, come on!
Hey, you there! Bro!
Me?
You move without hesitation...
Were you in the beta test?
Y-Yeah.
Today's my first day, see.
Give me a tip to get through
the early levels, huh?
U-Uh...
Come on, I'm begging you!
My name's Klein.
Nice to meet you.
I'm Kirito.
"Floor 1: Town of Beginnings, West Field"
Right in the crotch...
You're so over the top.
You don't feel any pain, right?
Oh, yeah. That's right.
Couldn't help myself!
I told you.
What's important is your
initial motion input.
That's easy for you to say!
But he keeps moving around.
If you do the motion input right,
and activate a sword skill,
the system will ensure that
you hit your target.
Motion input... Motion input...
How should I put it?
Add a slight pause, and when you
feel the skill begin to activate,
drive it home, like "bam!"
Like... "bam."
All right!
Congrats.
However...
That's as weak as slimes
in other games.
Huh? Seriously?
I thought it was a mid-level
boss or something.
Of course not.
Addictive, isn't it?
Well, yeah!
These skills... there are lots of them,
like forging weapons and stuff, right?
I guess so.
I've heard there's an
infinite variety of skills.
On the other hand, there's no magic.
An RPG without magic?
That's a pretty bold decision.
Isn't it more fun to move
your body as you fight?
True that!
Okay, let's move on.
Yeah, let's keep going!
I still can't believe it, no matter
how many times I see it...
That we're in a game.
Whoever made it is a genius.
It really is amazing...
Seriously, I'm glad I was
born in this time.
You make a big deal
out of everything.
Well, hey, it's my first full dive!
Then this is your first time
playing a game with NerveGear?
Well, it's more like I rushed out to buy
the hardware so that I could play SAO.
I was really lucky to get
one of the 10,000 copies.
Well, you were 10 times as lucky,
getting into the beta test.
I mean, only 1,000
people got to do it.
Yeah, well, I guess so.
How far did you get in the beta?
In a couple months,
only to floor eight.
This time, one month should
be more than enough.
You're really into this, huh?
To be honest, during the beta test,
SAO was all I thought about,
day and night.
In this world, a single blade can take
you anywhere you want to go.
It's a virtual world,
but I still feel more alive here
than I do in the real one.
Now then, want to hunt some more?
Of course!
I mean I'd love to,
but I'm really hungry...
I'm logging out.
Right, eating here only
makes you feel full.
I already ordered a steaming
hot pizza for 5:30 PM.
You're totally prepared, aren't you?
Yup!
Well, once I've eaten,
I'll log back in.
I see.
Hey, after this, I'm meeting up with
some people I know from another game.
What do you say?
Want to friend them too?
Of course, I'm not forcing
you to or anything.
I'm sure there'll be other
chances to introduce you.
Yeah, sorry.
Thanks.
Hey, hey, that's my line.
I'll be sure to pay you back
for this sometime...
Mentally.
Thanks so much, man.
I'll see you around.
If you have any other questions,
call me anytime.
Sure! I'm counting on you!
Huh?
There's no button to log out.
Look closer.
No, I don't see it anywhere.
At the bottom of the main menu...
Not there, right?
No, it isn't.
Well, it's the first day out of beta.
There must be some bugs.
I'm sure the server people
are freaking out...
You will be, too.
It's 5:25 PM.
My teriyaki-mayo pizza and ginger ale!
Just hurry and call the game master.
I already tried, but
nothing's happening.
Was there any other
way to log out?
No, if a player wants to
log themselves out,
they have to go
through the menu.
That's nuts.
There's gotta be some way.
Return!
Log out!
Escape!
Didn't I tell you?
There wasn't an emergency logout
in the manual either.
Hey, you're kidding, right?
I know.
I'll rip the NerveGear off my head...
You can't.
We can't move our
real bodies right now.
The NerveGear intercepts any command
issued from our brains right here.
Seriously?
So we have to wait for
them to fix the bug?
Or for someone in the real world
to remove the NerveGear from us.
But I live alone.
What about you?
I have a mom and a little sister.
So I think they'll notice
by dinner time...
H-How old's your little sister, Kirito?
She's on a sports team,
and she hates games.
She has nothing to do
with people like us.
That doesn't ma--
Oh wait, it doesn't hurt, right?
Forget that. Don't you
find this weird?
Sure, I do.
It's a bug.
It isn't just a bug.
If we can't log out,
that is a serious problem
for the game's future operation.
Come to think of it, you're right.
If needed, they could shut down the server
and log everyone out forcibly.
But there hasn't even been
an announcement...
What's going on?
I don't know.
A forced teleport?
Up there.
That's...
What is that?
A game master?
Why doesn't he have a face?
Is this an event?
I'm scared...
It's fine.
It's just another part of
the opening ceremony.
Attention, players.
Welcome to my world.
"My world"?
My name is Akihiko Kayaba.
As of this moment, I am the only
person able to control this world.
Is that really him?
This is really elaborate!
I'm sure you've already noticed that the logout
button is missing from the main menu.
But this is not a defect in the game.
I repeat...
This is not a defect in the game,
but a key feature
of Sword Art Online.
A-A feature?
You cannot log out of SAO
of your own will.
And no one on the outside
can shut down or remove
the NerveGear.
Should this be attempted,
the transmitter inside the NerveGear
will emit powerful microwaves,
destroying your brain and
thus ending your life.
What?
This must be a performance to make
the opening more exciting.
Come on, enough already.
Let's go.
Hey, I can't get out!
What's he talking about?
He's gotta be nuts.
Right, Kirito?
He's right that the transmitter's signals
work just like microwaves.
If the safety were disabled,
it could fry your brain.
Then if we cut the power...
No, the NerveGear has
an internal battery.
But this is crazy.
What's going on?
Unfortunately, there have been several
instances where players' friends and families
have ignored this warning, and attempted
to forcibly remove the NerveGear.
As a result, 213 players
have exited permanently, from both
Aincrad and the real world.
Two hundred and thirteen?
I don't believe it...
I don't believe it!
As you can see, news organizations
across the world
are reporting on this situation,
including the multiple deaths.
"Death Count Rises in Online-Game Incident"
Thus, you can assume that the danger of
a NerveGear being removed has been reduced.
So, I would like you all to focus
on clearing the game.
But be sure to keep this in mind.
There is no longer any function to
revive someone within the game.
The instant your HP drops to zero,
your avatars will vanish forever.
And simultaneously,
you brains will be destroyed
by the NerveGear.
The one condition for your escape
is to complete this game.
You are presently on the
lowest floor of Aincrad, floor one.
If you make your way
through the dungeon
and defeat the Floor Boss,
you may advance to the next level.
Defeat the final boss on floor 100
and you will clear the game.
Clear?
What's he talking about?
D-Don't just make stuff up!
Clear all 100 floors?
That's impossible.
Even the beta testers never
made it that high, right?
Now then, finally,
I've provided you all with
a present in your item storage.
Please see for yourselves.
"Mirror"
A mirror?
Klein?
You okay, Kirito?
Y-Yeah...
Who are you?
And who are you?
--Who are you?
--Why did my face change?
You're a guy?
You were lying about being 17?
That means...
--You're Kirito?
--You're Klein?
How?
That scan...
The NerveGear covers your entire head
with a high-density signaling device.
So it can see what
your face looks like.
But our height and body shape...
When we first put on the NerveGear,
there was something called calibration...
You had to touch your body
all over like this, remember?
O-Oh, right... It must be
basing this on that data....
But... But listen...
Why?
Why do all this, anyway?
I'm sure he'll tell us.
Right now, you must all
be wondering, "Why?"
"Why would Akihiko Kayaba,
developer of Sword Art Online and
the NerveGear, do such a thing?"
My goal has already been achieved.
I created Sword Art Online
for one reason...
To create this world
and meddle in it.
Kayaba...
And now, all is complete.
This ends the tutorial for the
official Sword Art Online launch.
I wish you luck, players.
This is real...
The genius who created the NerveGear
and created a completely virtual space,
Akihiko Kayaba.
I admired this man, so I can tell...
Everything he just proclaimed is true.
"This is a game, but it isn't something you play."
-Sword Art Online Programmer Akihiko Kayaba
If I die in the game,
I will die in real life!
No... No!
Screw you!
Let me out! Let me out of here!
I can't stay here... I have to
meet someone after this!
What are you thinking?
What are you, a thug?
Let us go!
Tell us you're lying!
Someone!
Can't anyone do something?
Come with me, Klein.
Listen to me.
I'm heading to the
next village right now.
Come with me.
If everything he said is true,
the only way to survive in this world is by
making yourself as strong as possible.
The resources within
a virtual MMORPG,
in other words, the money and
EXP we can earn, are limited.
The fields surrounding the Town of Beginnings
will soon be hunted clean.
To be efficient, we should set up base
in the next village right now.
I know all the paths
and dangerous areas.
So even at level one,
I can get there safely.
But... But you know...
I... stayed in line all night with friends
from another game to buy this software.
They must be out there in the plaza.
I can't leave them behind.
If it were just Klein...
But two more...
Or even one more...
Sorry.
I can hardly ask you for
anything else, can I?
So don't worry about it.
Go on to the next village.
I used to run a guild in
my last game, you know.
I can use the techniques
you taught me to get by!
I see.
Then let's say goodbye here.
If something happens,
send me a message.
Sure!
Okay. See you around, Klein.
Kirito!
Hey...
Kirito.
The real you is actually
kinda cute, huh?
I like you better this way.
And that unkempt face of yours
suits you 10 times better.
I'm... I'm...
I'm going to survive...
In this world!
Mitometeta okubyou na kako
The cowardly past that I'd acknowledged
Wakaranai mama ni
Still not understanding why,
I stand behind myself, scared
Projecting reality onto today
I've drawn so many skies
This must be my fleeting heart
Out of control
In my dreams, this body soars so high
And it can brush away any fears that cling to me
Asleep inside me, these budding
feelings start to expand
I realize this, weak as I am...
As long as I had you
I could stay strong in this dark world
My heart will dream a long dream forever
I want to always be with you
I'll give you everything I have...
"In the game's first month, 2,000 died"
"Floor 1 has yet to be cleared--
December 2, 2022"
Next Time: "Beater."